3 button web and desktop client in microsoft user/iot os, service, programs. Apps developed in ms . One button contact/communication. Next button payment. The last produce/publish creative.

Its ideas.
Microsoft
Os., dev , data. file and net.

Fido alliance
Security though ms.

Protocol lab
Data and netshare and coin

Users
Guest/amonym
Web login/gateways
Win desktop local
remote/support/pro
Win iot
Win chrildren
Win admin d
Dev/code win/other
Win desktop admin cmd/powershell
Server admin





Networkning with people
Data and netshare, coding and security in ms/win

Gateways, file and media net/system

Can user be anonym? In win desktop/web client build on ms system/data and file structure?
Can users be anom on net/ app and platform/web
Can a user using protocol app ipfs, filecoin. Stil be anom in all 3 system. What id for user, data and sharin?


On Wed, Jul 01, 2020 at 10:54 AM, Kristian Erik Munk <kmunk1975@gmail.com> wrote:
Will you send me mine text from my application form. I shall use it to find a team, write in my project.
Only you system have it.
I never got a copy. Only accept of participate from you.

I cant access it on hackfs page anymore after staking.
Kristian


søndag den 28. juni 2020 skrev Kartik Talwar <kartik@ethglobal.co>:
Hey Kristian Erik,

I just went through and reviewed your application and I wanted to personally let you know that we'd love to have you participate in HackFS! It would be great if you are able to RSVP by clicking the link below within the next 3 days. 

RSVP for HackFS Here

In order to confirm your attendance, we require you to stake a deposit on our dashboard.This is a temporary deposit that we return after a successful HackFS participation. If you're applying as part of a team, remember that all members must apply individually. If you have issues staking, please reply directly to this email and I will help you troubleshoot. You can learn more about staking mechanics here.

Here are some important things for you to do:
Join the Filecoin Slack! You should be receiving an email invitation shortly to this email address - make sure to check your spam!
Keep in mind that the IPFS community has its own code of conduct that applies in the Filecoin slack - make sure to review it!
Get familiar with your Hacker Dashboard - this is where you manage your team and project. If you have a team, please add them under "Team Selection" on your dashboard. If you have indicated to us that you would like to add to / join a team / are unsure, watch for an email from us!
Check out the HackFS Info Center - your go-to resource for links over the next 30 days

Finally, there will be a Hack Brainstorm Session and several technical workshops next week - subscribe to the HackFS calendar to get notifications for when these are scheduled.

Congrats on joining HackFS! We can't wait to see what you build and let me know if you have any questions!

Kartik
Co-founder, ETHGlobal
ᐧ

